Background color I am gonna have Tan on all pages.   For the header, body, and footer I will use black for my text color. link text for all possible link states I will use Black, to keep all my color scenes simple. 
I will use my personal photo for the header photo.  I have no restriction for use of my personal photo. 

Font family will be Helvetica. 

HOME/ABOUT ME PAGE 

Enter text That appear on the about me page ON THE ABOUT ME PAGE HERE.  
My name is Daniel Goepfert, I am taking this coding class to learn a general description of coding and web design.  I have done projects in the past, one of them most recently a gluten free page, others I did sites on Word press, years ago and I am excited to learn about basic coding. 

I hope to expand my portfolio using my class projects and see and learn outside of class. As I learn more about user x design my portfolio will updated to reflect it.   As I learn more I want to keep things more  simple and clean,  more complicated sites tend to confuse, and annoy people. 

CONTACTS PAGE: 

Email: gvcgop@gmail.com


Phone number: (415)555-1212

Address: 5411 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA, 94100

PROJECTS PAGE
Enter text That appear on the  projects page 
I recently did the hobby site, where I talked about running, and as well paths and trails to take, and mentioned some famous ones.

Personal website 1 review 
Url https://www.melramos.com
Likes  I like his self photo and like his slideshow pages, once you click on it. I like the fact he has drawings, sketches are right in front  of you 
Dislikes  His bio is boring, it has a lot of text and no pictures.
Header comments His header is simple.
Body comments 
Footer comments His footer is simple and there, don't like that  it is small.
 
Personal website 2 review 
Url  https://www.fladzinski.com/#0
Likes I like that his photos are easy to find. 
Dislikes I hate his about page there is no picture. 
Header comments His header is complicated to find, it's annoying.
Body comments His body is easy to find.
Footer comments I can't find his footer. 

Personal website 3 review 
Url http://holdenhardcastle.com
Likes:  I like it that his site is Simple and basic.  

Dislikes I hate the blue border, it doesn't go with the colors
Header comments His header is boring but easy to find
Body comments Its simple and easy to find.
Footer comments


Change log:
*02/21/20
  

Background color for the header main and footer  for the Home about me page I have chosen the color Khaki. As well as, just for the index and or Home/About Me page, I have chosen for the  Border, the header and main I have chosen Black, the text align in the main and header I have put center, and the font size I have it at 47 pixels and the line height I have it at 82 pixels. And for the Home Page/About me I do have a list of these three Url's , and on the Home/About me Page I have social media links in the middle and on the right side, and on the other pages it's in underneath the other headshot image, and the nav links on Home About Me page it's on the bottom, on every other page,  projects, Contact me it's on the right side.